At dinner, there are fathers and sons happily
enjoying their meal.
While talking, an elder man suddenly suffers
from body pain.
He soon becomes mutated with his lower half
mutated in a spider-like creature.
He attacks the family right after that.
What makes him transform?
Would other men make it survive from the mutated
father?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to the movie titled: Infestation.
Be aware, there are spoilers.
Now, let’s begin!
In a busy telesales company, Cooper is late
for work.
He doesn’t like this job and usually messes
up with the customers.
His boss Maureen calls him in and decides
to fire him promptly.
Just then, the two encounter a high-pitched
noise.
Cooper wails in pain and passes out.
Several days later, Cooper wakes up and realizes
that his body is fully covered in a cocoon.
He is very weak and nauseous with a sting
bite on the face.
While checking around the office, Cooper is
attacked by a giant bug from the ceiling.
He stabs the bug with an umbrella and fights
it away.
He then helps Maureen and other co-workers
out of the webs.
Maureen recalls talking with her daughter
named Sara before the incident.
She runs out to look for the girl.
Cooper says that he will check on Sara and
warns Maureen to get back inside for her safety.
Cooper breaks the cocoon and Sara finally
gains consciousness.
However, Cooper gets pepper sprayed from Sara
who assumes he is a bad guy.
Maureen runs to the car and soon is captured
away by a big wasp from the sky.
More bugs surround the two after that.
As an energetic doctor, Sara learns that these
bugs only follow the noise they make.
She turns the car alarm to distract the bugs
and carries Cooper to a restaurant nearby.
The two meet up with other people there: a
student Leechee, a blonde Cindy, a deaf teenager
Hugo and his father Albert, Roger, PJ and
a cop.
They discuss how to escape from the bugs.
The cop commands the group not to go anywhere.
Roger and PJ decide not to listen.
They get on Roger’s truck against the advice
of others.
When the truck leaves for a while, Roger is
attacked by a wasp, leaving the truck to drive
by itself.
PJ jumps out of the truck and ends up being
smashed by it.
The cop also gets killed by a bug from behind
him.
Albert is stung by a wasp while preventing
Hugo from saving the cop.
The survivors flee to a building.
On the top, the group notices that there is
a huge swarm of wasps in the sky.
They are heading to them.
Leechee learns that the bugs are actually
blind.
The group then tries to trap a bug by radio
noise.
Leechee suggests milking the bug to get the
venom to study about this creature.
Later at night, she tells the group that the
venom contains sedatives which put everybody
to sleep and some proteins from their queen.
The group decides to walk to the nearest military
airbase at Gibson the next day.
On the way, they will stop by their families
to check on their members.
For the moment, they will stay overnight in
the building.
Each will rotate to watch for the bugs while
others take a rest.
During the set up, Sara brings a pair of shoes
that she found for Cindy.
Sara thinks Cindy can’t walk tomorrow in
her high heels.
Cindy, on the other hand, refuses to take
the shoes.
Meanwhile, Cooper also develops his special
feelings for Sara.
He asks if he can sleep near her, but Sara
doesn’t care about him.
As Cooper is watching for the team, Cindy
finds Cooper saying that she only trusts in
him among others.
She tells Cooper to abandon the group and
the two can go to a safer place alone.
Cooper refuses her suggestion and decides
to stay with the team.
Cindy reveals to have some feelings with Cooper
but he rejects her.
The following day, Leechee opts to stay behind
to wake up as many people as she could.
Also, she wants to spend more time studying
the bugs instead of going to the military
base.
The rest follows the plan to walk to the airbase.
They’ll pass by Hugo and Albert’s house
first on the way to check on Hugo’s mother.
Arriving at Hugo’s house, they discover
that his mother has already passed away.
That’s why the bugs didn’t web her like
other living humans.
After that, Albert takes a gun with him in
case of self-defense and tells the group to
keep going.
Next, they stop by Cindy’s house to check
on her brother Chad and sister-in-law Susan.
Cindy wakes Susan up from a cocoon.
All of a sudden, Chad appears with his lower
half mutated in a spider-like creature.
He is collecting cocoon humans in a pile.
Chad rushes to the group and stabs Susan to
death.
He knocks out Sara and lifts Cindy up.
Cooper rescues Cindy in time, only to get
pierced in the leg.
Hugo and Albert together finally kill Chad.
At night, the team decides to camp at Cindy’s
house.
Sara helps Cooper to sew his wound.
Albert encounters some pain in his abdomen.
Later, he meets Sara in the kitchen, asking
her if she can take care of Hugo as the way
she did with Cooper.
Sara agrees without hesitation.
Meanwhile, Cindy comes to see Cooper again
and shows her care to him.
This time, Cooper makes it very clear that
he has no interest in her.
This makes Cindy hurt and pissed.
The next day, the group keeps heading to Cooper’s
dad.
Sara thinks her mother Maureen is still alive
and maybe the bugs just keep her somewhere
like a hive.
Sara tells Cooper that she’ll not go to
Gibson after visiting his father.
She’ll go to the bug’s nest.
Suddenly, a group of wasps fly above their
heads.
The team quickly hides themselves under the
bridge.
Seeing Cooper and Sara hold their hands, Cindy
becomes jealous.
She steps out and shouts out to draw the bugs’
attention, aiming to expose the whole team.
Albert shoots Cindy in the chest to stop her
crazy action.
The gunshot alerts the wasps and Sara is captured
shortly after that.
The trio finally reach Cooper’s house.
There they meet up with his father, Ethan.
While enjoying dinner, Albert reveals to be
mutated.
He becomes a half human half spider creature
just like Chad.
Hugo has no choice but to shoot him to death
to save the others.
Hugo says that Albert has told him to do so
if something bad happens to him.
Another bug enters from the window after hearing
the gunshot.
Ethan destroys it with a taser to avoid making
further noise.
As more bugs arrive, the trio run to Ethan’s
shelter, which was built long ago.
They spend the night in the bunker.
In the morning, Cooper convinces Ethan to
go to the nest with him and rescue Sara.
Ethan objects to his suicidel idea.
Cooper becomes angry and walks out of the
house alone.
He then tells Hugo better to stay with Ethan.
On the way to the nest, Cooper encounters
a strange armed man.
He ends up being locked in the prison.
The man and his team thinks Cooper is infected
and soon will be transformed.
No matter what Cooper explains, the armed
members don’t believe in him.
Later, Cooper sees an elder Mexican man in
the prison.
He reveals to Cooper about Leechee, who rescued
him and other people from the cocoons.
The man thinks the others died in the explosion
caused by the flammable red colored gas released
by the bugs and the nest.
A moment later, Hugo and Ethan are captured
and join Cooper in the prison Ethan turns
out to be stung earlier.
Ethan hostages a girl and threatens the armed
group to free Cooper.
Just then, the Mexican man becomes a mutant
and attacks the girl.
Ethan takes this chance to kill other members
of the arm group, eventually saving Hugo and
Cooper.
The trio decide to follow Cooper’s plan.
They take some of the weapons and bombs from
the armed group.
To save time, the trio ride the bikes instead
of walking to the nest.
Elsewhere in the nest, Sara slowly wakes up.
She is shocked to see the bug queen consume
the cocooned bodies.
Finally, the trio reach the giant bug hive.
They plan to place the bombs around the area
to bring all the bugs and wasps to hell.
As being stung earlier, Ethan reveals to have
abdomen pain, signaling the mutation.
Knowing he is running out of time, Ethen locks
Cooper to the tree and knocks Hugo to pass
out.
He will sacrifice himself to destroy the hive.
He leaves the keys so that Cooper and Hugo
can escape later.
In the nest, Ethen runs into Sara.
She then takes him to the queen.
Meanwhile, Cooper and Hugo also make it to
the hive and find the way to see Ethan.
At the queen’s hive, Sara and Ethan soon
are attacked.
Luckily, Hugo and Ethan arrive in time and
fight with the queen.
The queen begins to wail in very loud noise,
calling other bugs to back up.
The group suffers from the noise again except
for Hugo, who is deaf.
He throws the bomb inside the queen’s mouth.
Ethan asks the trio to leave so he can trigger
the bomb by himself.
However, Ethan turns mutant right at that
time.
Cooper has to press the button, killing his
dad and the queen in the explosion.
Sara and Hugo drag Cooper out of the nest
just in time.
Several days later, Cooper finds himself waking
up in a hospital, looking outside in a peaceful
view with Hugo and Sara.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!